update description for bit version incompatibility (#1250)
MicrosoftDocs/VBA-Docs: Language/Reference/User-Interface-Help/error-in-loading-dll-error-48.md

- The DLL references another DLL that isn't present. Obtain the referenced DLL and make it available to the other DLL.
    
- The DLL or one of the referenced DLLs isn't in a directory specified by your path. Move the DLL to a referenced directory or place its current directory on the path.

> - The DLL is not the same bit version as the operating enviroment of VBA.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The DLL is not the same bit version as the operating environment of VBA. For more information about bit version incompatibility, see [Mixing 32 and 64 bit DLLs](https://software.intel.com/en-us/forums/intel-fortran-compiler/topic/515978)  on the Intel developer forum.
```
